# Button Based Delay
The functionality behind button based delay toggles the LED to blink at different rates based on how long the button is pushed. The Red LED initially blinks at a rate of approximately 10 Hz. Once the button is pressed and held, the rate at which the LED blinks is changed to the amount of seconds the button was held down for.

# Code for the MSP430G2553
Once again, the watchdog timer is disabled and the clock is set to use the internal oscillator. The pins are all assigned to either output or input, with the button being the only input and the Red LED being the output. The button was configured using a pull up resistor in order to obtain proper functionality. The timer was configured to use ACLK and Up mode, the capture compare interrupt was enabled, and the capture compare register received a value of 300. There were two interrupt service routines for this code, one for the port and one for the timer. The timer routine was simply controlling when to toggle on the LED. The port routine was somewhat more complex as it had different conditions on which to perform different functions. When a falling edge was detected on P1.3 (button), the timer was first cleared, then set to continuous mode and divided by 8. The interrupt edge select was then set to detect a rising edge, so that an interrupt could be triggered when the button was released. This ultimately allowed for the amount of time the button was held down to be recorded. After that, the capture compare register was set to receive the value of the Timer A0 register. The timer was then reconfigured to up mode and the edge select was set back to falling edge detection. Finally, the interrupt flags are reset once again so the next inerrupt can be detected.

# Code for the MSP430F5529
